doc/sprint0/PB.md, before:

| Features | Sprint | 

1 - As a user, I want to be able to create an account

2 - As a user, I want to be able to login

3 - As a registered user, I want to be able to logout

4 - As a registered user, I want to be able to delete my account

5 - As a registered user, I want to be able to change my profile picture

6 - As a registered user, I want to be able to view my profile

7 - As a registered user, I want to be able to view other people's profiles

8 - As a registered user, I want to purchase items in an in-game shop

9 - As a registered user, I want to view my purchased items

10 - As a registered user, I want to be able to follow and unfollow people

11 - As a registered user, I want to view my following list

12 - As a registered user, I want to view my followers list

13 - As a registered user, I want to see stats in my and other people's profiles

14 - As a registered user, I want to earn achievements from doing certain actions

15 - As a registered user, I want to view my earned achievements and unearned achievements

16 - As a registered user, I want to earn money each day I log in

17 - As a registered user, I want to show off my purchased items in my profile

18 - As a registered user, I want to show off my achievements in my profile

19 - As a registered user, I want to specify which of my stats other users can see

20 - As a registered user playing the game, I want to my be able to play blackjack

21 - As a registered user playing the game, I want to my winnings to go to my total amount of money

22 - As a registered user playing the game, I want to be able bet

Commit message:

Updated PB.md, reordered and added more details

doc/sprint0/PB.md, after:

| Features | Sprint | 

1 - As a user, I want to be able to create an account so I can log in to play.

2 - As a user, I want to be able to login so that I can play and have my information saved.

3 - As a registered user, I want to have a total amount of in-game money stored to my account so that I may use it to perform actions in the app.

4 - As a registered user playing blackjack, I want to see my starting hand when starting a round so that I can decide what to do next.

5 - As a registered user playing blackjack, I want to be able to draw cards so that I may aim for 21.

6 - As a registered user playing blackjack, I want to play against an AI dealer so that I may compete against someone I can win against.

7 - As a registered user playing blackjack, I want to be able to bet using so that I can potentially earn or lose in-game money from my total amount while playing.

8 - As a registered user playing blackjack, I want my winnings to go to my total amount of money so that I may use said money for purchasing items and betting more in the future.

9 - As a registered user, I want to be able to logout so that I may switch accounts if I want to and so other people can't access my account through my device.

10 - As a registered user, I want to be able to view my profile so that I can see my account's saved information.

11 - As a registered user, I want to be able to view other people's profiles to see their information.

12 - As a registered user, I want to see stats in my and other people's profiles to see how I'm doing and how other players are doing in the app.

13 - As a registered user, I want to be able to change my profile picture so that I can personalize my profile.

14 - As a registered user, I want to be able to delete my account if I don't want to use my registered account anymore and I don't want other people to see my account.

15 - As a registered user, I want to earn achievements from doing certain actions to feel rewarded for what I've accomplished and to have goals to aim for.

16 - As a registered user, I want to view my earned achievements and unearned achievements see what I've already accomplished and to see what I can aim to accomplish.

17 - As a registered user, I want to show off my achievements in my profile to show off what I've accomplished to other players.

18 - As a registered user, I want to earn in-game money each day I log in so that I can bet more and earn more.

19 - As a registered user, I want to purchase items in an in-game shop so that I can collect items using my in-game currency.

20 - As a registered user, I want to view my purchased items so that I can see everything I've purchased in the in-game shop.

21 - As a registered user, I want to show off my purchased items in my profile so other users can see what items I've bought.

22 - As a registered user, I want to be able to follow people to see the information of other players whom I'm interested in more easily.

23 - As a registered user, I want to be able to unfollow people if I no longer want to have easy access to their information.

24 - As a registered user, I want to view my followers list to see who's interested in my stats and information.

25 - As a registered user, I want to specify which of my stats other users can see so that I can show off only the stats that I want others to see.
